# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time/Duration:** 21/03/21, 3:00 PM  
**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly Synchronous Meeting  
**Meeting Location:** Microsoft Teams  
**Meeting Type:** Synchronous  
**Note Taker:** Sarth Bishnoi  

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Amin Ghasembeigi
- Wang Zhang
- Sarth Bishnoi
- Sunny Tang
- Siddh Rawal

Absent:
- None

## Agenda Items
Item | Description
---- | ----
Agenda | 1. What did you do this week?<br>2. What (if anything) is blocking your progress?<br>3. What will you do this following week?

## Discussion Items
Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- |
standup | Amin | 1. Add persistance storage, clear decorator for routes, hashing to passwords. <br> 2. Nothing. <br> 3. messages_send_v1 and messages_edit_v1. |
standup | Wang | 1. Helper functions for stroing and accesing data from data.json, basic structure of channels_create.  <br> 2. Unsure how 'tokens' work <br> 3. channel_leave_v1, channel_addowner_v1 and channel_removeowner_v1.
standup | Sarth | 1.Dummy data for data.py and took meeting minutes.<br> 2. Still getting familiar with the code.  <br> 3. Channel_messages_v1 channel_details_v1 (Put some additional tests).
standup | Sunny | 1. User_profile_setname, email and sethandle <br> 2. Get request returning nothing. <br> 3. More functions (add to users.py functions), add more tests for users.py
standup | Siddh | 1. Async meeting minutes.<br> 2. Get request message, ARC client server, Testing for get request and API. <br> 3. messages_remove_v1, channels_list_v2 and channels_list_all.  
general | Amin/Sunny | ?? Lets do some pair programming and work on auth login and auth register

## Action Items
item | responsible | due date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
Completing messages_send_v1 and messages_edit_v1. | Amin | 28/03 ||
Completing channel_leave_v1, channel_addowner_v1 and channel_removeowner_v1. | Wang | 28/03 ||
Completing additional tests for channel_messages_v1 channel_details_v1  | Sarth | 28/03 ||
Implement and write tests for channels_create_v2 | Sunny | 28/03 ||
Completing messages_remove_v1, channels_list_v2 and channels_list_all. | Siddh | 28/03 ||

## Other Notes & Information
* Second meeting since iteration-2 began.
* This time around we are trying to be more proactive as a team so we arn't battling due dates.
* Meet Anto on Thursday 8:00 PM.
