# Iteration-1 Project Assumptions
## auth
### `auth_login`
1. Every user will be uniquely identifiable by a unique ID.
2. Initially, the total number of registered users will be 0.
3. User ID is generated by taking the total registered users and incrementing by 1. 
### `auth_register`
1. Password lengh will be greater than 0.
### `passwordreset`
1. There can be maximum one valid reset code at all times, the most recent one.

## channels
### `channels_list`
1. The user will only see public channels and channels that the user is a member of.
### `channels_listall`
1. The user will only see public channels and channels that the user is a member of.
### `channels_create`
1. Every channel will be uniquely identifiable by a unique ID.
2. Initially, the total number of channels will be 0.
3. Channel ID is generated by taking the total channels and incrementing by 1. 
4. The minimum length for a channel name is 1 character.
5. The user who creates a channel will be the owner.
6. An owner is also considered a member.
7. Many channels can have the same name.

## channel
### `channel_invite`
1. Authorised users of a channel can invite other users to that channel.
2. A user can not be invited to a channel that they are already apart of.
### `channel_details`
1. The members of a channel are stored in `all_members`, chronologically ordered.
2. The owners of a channel are stored in `owner_members`, chronologically ordered.
### `channel_messages`
1. Messages are stored inside a list, where each element is a message. (not the greatest assumption)
2. Messages that are deleted are entirely removed from storage.
### `channel_join`
1. A user can be apart of 0 or more channels.
### `channel_leave`
If the user leaves and is:
1. not an owner delete their information from `all_members`.
2. one of the owners delete their information from `all_members` and `owner_members`.
3. the only member/owner in the channel remove the whole channel.

## user
1. The user should be authorised if they are accessing setemail, setname and sethandle functions.
### `user_profile`
1. blah 
### `user_profile_setname`
1. The user will not set their first or last name to be the same as it was previously.
### `user_profile_setemail`
1. The user will not set their email to be the same as it was previously.
### `user_profile_sethandle`
1. The user will not set their display handle to be the same as it was previously.

## message
### `message_remove`
1. Messages that are removed are cleared from the database.
### `message_share`
1. Messages that are shared can be over length 1000 characters with optional text.
### `messages_remove`
1. Users can not delete their own messages.

## dm
1. The user should be authorised if they are accessing setemail, setname and sethandle functions.
### `dm_create`
1. The u_id of the user who creates a DM has to be valid.

## admin
1. An admin will not remove themselves.
